This is another one next to that lineage preparation.
I don't see anything special yet.
It should be an ordinary preparation
What is he doing here?
Look at him again, he seems to be full of confidence
Did it really fill the prescription?
How could it be?
I will definitely believe him when he says he is simp
How is it possible to complete this diluted and rare tonic prescription?
Why not gamble
Okay, forget it. Wait
You are a super rich second generation
Why do you want my poor boy's broken jade pendant?
Otherwise, you
Is there anything else valuable?
Ok I bet you
But if you can't make up for it
Then kneel down and apologize to me
And invest tens of billions in me
OK
Brother Yi will never have no right
If you want to show off now, you can only copy your face
The tens of billions of investment that Brother Chen wants
It must be for me.
That's great.
Brother Chen, Brother Yi, stop making trouble.
Qianqian, this is a man's business
Can't you fill the prescription?
Come on, what's the matter?
No way.
If not
Then kneel down and apologize to me
What's your dog's name?
You can't fill the prescription and curse people
What's wrong with me scolding you?
Who else says I can't get a full-bone prescription?
Xin'er, just take it out and let him know.